Ranting Feminist is lying through her teeth. They don't disagree with each other because the movement, as with SocJus, is based upon lies and deliberate manufacturing of false information to maintain and increase their power much of which is used to get money via governments and citizens and infighting would limit their ability to do so. The unified lie is more profitable than the disunity of truth.

I say as a qualified lawyer that they are committing criminal fraud and conspiring to commit fraud on a mass systematic scale in such a variety of ways it is staggering and the direct victims are the citizens and tax payers of the countries in which they operate. Its not known as the 'victim industry' and 'charity industry' for nothing both of which they are embedded into. The 1st they virtually created through the second. Anything which exposes these lies benefits honest taxpayers and anyone who exposes it is doing a service to their society.﻿

I worry for Bill Clinton's safety. He will no doubt be a victim of domestic violence today..﻿

Trump is unpredictable, Hillary is predictably dangerous

One thing still remains true ...
Anthony Weiner's cock saved the entire Western Civilization...

Patriarchy wins...again. LOL

Wiener may have been caught with his dick out, but Trump grabbed the vote.... by the pussy﻿

canada you guys might want to build a wall . the liberals are coming.﻿

Trump 2016 till 2024
All up in your face bitches!!
Leave the country if you don't like it. It's your choice.
"You people" called me all sorts of names when I said I was black and still voting for Trump because you and the media had not been able to convince me without sensationalism that he was a racist or anything of the things you accused him of.
I always knew the day of reckoning was going to come.
PURE GOLD

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

Clinton: "You said I would win."
Satan: "You said you had a soul."﻿

Yes, the country with more black millionaires than every other country on Earth combined is racist against black people while it has a black president

"French military rifles for sale  - never fired dropped only once."﻿

She came, she saw, she lost.﻿

Lets make america grope again.﻿

Alex Jones becoming right for once, Trump winning and now Dore having an actual point? Wow 2016 man, shaping up to be the year opposite day/week/month might actually be real.﻿

Personal Combat Sim	Icon	Effect	Basic	Advanced	Superior
PCS: Speed

+ Mobility	1 (2)	2 (3)	3 (4)

+ Hit Points	1 (2)	2 (3)	3 (4)
PCS: Focus
+ Will	10-15 (13-20)	15-20 (20-27)	20-25 (27-33)
PCS: Agility
+ Dodge	10-15 (13-20)	15-20 (20-27)	20-25 (27-33)
PCS: Perception
+ Aim	4-6 (5-8)	7-10 (9-13)	12-16 (16-21)

Donarudo Torampu.﻿

Trump bout to turn ISIS into Was-Was﻿

eplorable movement, I missed the Italian referendum, so thanks for pointing that out.

 2016 dec.4 Austria Presidential Elections, we are rooting for Norbert Hofer, candidate of Austrian Freedom Party (FPÖ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Austrian_presidential_election,_2016 It will be a repetition of the May election, which was invalidated by the Austrian supreme court, because of voter fraud in many letter votes from abroad. Without the foreign votes Norbert Hofer won, but with the letters, the other candidate by a little. The new election will be just as close, latest poll shows the FPÖ candidate at 51-49, hopefully he makes it this time. It is essential that he wins, because 2 years from now will be the parliamentary elections in Austria, and if the leftist/green candidate wins, he will not appoint a FPÖ government. The FPÖ is the most popular party right now, so they have to win now, to be able to form a government in 2018.

2017 March 15 Dutch general elections, we are rooting for Geert Wilders, leader of the Party for Freedom (PVV) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dutch_general_election,_2017
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Opinion_polling_for_the_Dutch_general_election,_2017
 He was leading in the polls for more than a year, but now losing some momentum. Hopefully Trump's election will help him win, people in the Netherlands are very PC and Wilders is considered racist, xenophobic, islamophobic...you name it, classic deplorable.:))

2017 Apr 23 - May 17 French presidential elections, we are rooting for Marine Le Pen, leader of the National Front http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/French_presidential_election,_2017 not yet clear who will be her opponent in the final voting.

2017 August 27 - Oct 22 German federal elections, we don't know yet who we are rooting for, however it seems that Frauke Petry, the leader of AFD Alternative for Germany will be the only sensible choice, but she is probably too, young, a rookie in politics, AFD was founded only a few years ago, in Europe it usually takes a decade for a new party to make it to a reasonable force, which people trust with governing the country. It could be that Angela Merkel's now ally, but loud critic, Horst Seehofer, the Bavarian prime minister and leader of CSU will be Merkel's rival. We don't know yet. He is a good friend of Viktor Orbán (Hungarian PM). http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/German_federal_election,_2017

2018 May Italian general elections we are rooting for Matteo Salvini, leader of Lega Nord, however he is not very popular unfortunately, but with the populist right party "Five Star Movement" which already won the mayor seat of Rome, could have a chance replacing the current leftist/marxist government, lead by Matteo Renzi. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Next_Italian_general_election

2018 April or May parliamentary elections in Hungary, hopefully Viktor Orbán will be reelected

2018 Sept 9 Swedish general elections, we are rooting for Jimmie Åkesson leader of the Swedish Democrats. At the moment his party is 3rd in the popularity contest, but there is still time to improve, and if the previous countries turn right by then, it could seriously improve his chances even in the extremely PC Sweden. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swedish_general_election,_2018

2018 October Austria parliamentary elections, we are roting for Heinz-Christian Strache leader of FPÖ, the Austrian Freedom Party  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Next_Austrian_legislative_election

Of course there wil be elections in smaller countries, but these are the main ones in Europe. Next election in Greece is scheduled in 2019, next elections in Belgium 2019, next elections in the UK in 2020.﻿
Show less
Reply 4
 revin hatol
revin hatol6 days ago
My choice if Darrell Castle is not included.﻿

First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.﻿

Cult of dusty Subscribed 241,541
Subscribed 241,308

Last time I was this early, the doctors had to put me and my twin sister on life support, and I survived but she passed away at 18 hours old.﻿

Dimon

still waiting for them to protest on the train tracks.

We have seized the memes of production.

We have weaponized the autism.

I'll help you all, I voted for Trump.

I'm not a racist bigoted homophobe. The fact that you think that 60 million people are filled with hate makes you more closed minded than those you try to demonize. The fact that everyone who disagrees with you is a racist is a sign of someone who has lived in a bubble and is afraid to talk about real policy and issues.

Im attracted to exterminating different groups of people﻿
Respect is earned Not owned.

Mike "Turning Trannies into Transistors" Pence﻿

It WAS a good idea. More people need to give Darwin a chance.﻿

Nigel Farage is the Winston Churchill of the 21st Century!!! A lone British man screaming the unpopular Truth and getting ignored.....until the situation is Desperate and they have to BEG him for help!!!﻿

Paraphrasing-- Einstein said he did not know what weapons WW3 would be fought with but WW4 would be fought with sticks and stones.﻿

She'd probably start shooting whites and saying shit like "whites can't be murdered! Murder is a position of power! Us Blackies here have NO power! Checkmate."﻿

Ismail Kurdi -Yes you mean Obama the backwards leader, he is a pedophile and child murderer, and his manwife Michelle spirit cooks their adopted kids Sperm mixed with Urine and Menstrual Blood for dinner, Michelle calls it a Pasta Surprise with Dominoes!!!! Obama calls it a Home Dish passed down from mother to mother it's an Obama Family Favorite.﻿

The DNC designed their own coffins
Slit their wrists and cried bloody murder at Russia.
They either think all the voters are deaf dumb and blind
or
they swallowed their own pills and are themselves damaged goods.

Never get high on your own supply

f the person, with a big erection, is caught trying to" urinate"  on a kindergarten playground in front of all the children, then there's a high probability it's no accident and that he's a sex offender.﻿

A Sunni Muslim blows up a Shia mosque in Pakistan because of different Islamic sects and this is because of the west? Boko Haram kidnapping Christian schoolgirls, ISIS giving out Yezidi slave girls to the winner of the weekly Quran recitation competition in Raqqa and this is all the fault of the west somehow?

Gtfo with this weak minded apologetics. Muslims aren't responsible for their own actions, sanctioned and justified by their own interpretations of their own holy texts?﻿

"The situation of guns in chicago... the reason people get guns is because if somebody else has a gun, you need a gun.  So it's really something that's just a cycle."  ...  LOL what?  he just got done saying how in the south everyone has a gun and don't have this kind of violence.  So are they getting a gun for self defense or just cuz "everybody else has one" or not?

let  it die


NYT
Paul Krugman

Gersh Kuntzman
Daily news OKing assassination

 ROBERTO D. HERNÁNDEZ
Counterpunch


dest root /
dest ram /tmp
lists_dir ext /var/opkg-lists
option overlay_root /overlay
option check_signature 1

src/gz chaos_calmer_base http://downloads.openwrt.org/chaos_calmer/15.05.1/ar71xx/generic/packages/base
src/gz chaos_calmer_luci http://downloads.openwrt.org/chaos_calmer/15.05.1/ar71xx/generic/packages/luci
src/gz chaos_calmer_management http://downloads.openwrt.org/chaos_calmer/15.05.1/ar71xx/generic/packages/management
src/gz chaos_calmer_packages http://downloads.openwrt.org/chaos_calmer/15.05.1/ar71xx/generic/packages/packages
src/gz chaos_calmer_routing http://downloads.openwrt.org/chaos_calmer/15.05.1/ar71xx/generic/packages/routing
src/gz chaos_calmer_telephony http://downloads.openwrt.org/chaos_calmer/15.05.1/ar71xx/generic/packages/telephony

“But the Southern Poverty Law Center's Heidi Beirich, who tracks hate speech, said Sessions is guilty of it, and that his mere presence in Trump's inner circle is ‘a tragedy for American politics.’” --WaPo

“SPLC has come under severe criticism from the left and the right in recent years.

Writing in the left-wing website Counterpunch, Alexander Coburn called SPLC founder Morris Dees ‘king of the hate business.’ Coburn wrote, ‘Ever since 1971, U.S. Postal Service mailbags have bulged with Dees’ fundraising letters, scaring dollars out of the pockets of trembling liberals aghast at his lurid depictions of hate-sodden America, in dire need of legal confrontation by the SPLC.’ In fact, so prolific is Dees at direct mail that he is in the Direct Marketing Association Hall of Fame.

Writing at the Harper’s Magazine blog in 2007, Ken Silverstein said, ‘What [the SPLC] does best… is to raise obscene amounts of money by hyping fears about the power of [right-wing fringe] groups; hence the SPLC has become the nation’s richest ‘civil rights’ organization.’

A critical analysis published recently by Professor George Yancey of North Texas University concluded that SPLC targets only those groups its leaders disagree with politically while leaving liberal groups who use extreme language alone.
LikeShare1
ChesDead
11/20/2016 6:15 PM EST
A 2013 article in Foreign Policy concluded that SPLC exaggerates the hate crimes threat, saying SPLC is not an ‘objective purveyor of data,’ instead calling them ‘anti-hate activists’ and suggesting that their reports need to be ‘weighed more carefully by news outlets that cover their pronouncements.’

Though SPLC sits on a bank account of $250 million and raises some $40 million a year in direct mail, some have suggested that the decline of racist groups and therefore the need to tap new sources of funds might have led Dees and his colleagues to target Christian groups as new sources of revenue. Weekly Standard writer Charlotte Hays says, ‘…several critics with whom I spoke speculated that the last might represent another of Dees’s efforts to tap via mailing lists into a well-off and easily frightened donor base: gays." --Brietbart website.

The Southern Poverty Law Center should be identified as a left-leaning organization as it was by one WaPo reporter: “THE LAW CENTER IS LEFT LEANING, a nugget conservatives and even moderates have used to deem some SPLC distinctions illegitimate...” --“Katie Mettler, a reporter for The Washington Post's Morning Mix team;” 8/31/2016. Why do the rest of the reporters ignore the obvious?

The very liberal Post will reach out to any suspect group for accusations that fit the Post's mindset. This reflects both the intellectual corruption and laziness at the Post. Honest journalism would argue that the Post investigate the SPLC rather than hug it.
LikeShare1
MotoBob
11/21/2016 9:43 AM EST [Edited]
Yeah! Why doesn't the SPLC report on the maniacal left-wing armed militias conducting small-unit tactics in Central Park and on Beacon Hill?
Where are the SPLC investigators when hammer and sickle graffiti appear on the walls of Liberty University buildings? Why is there no outcry when peaceful anti-abortion demonstrators are beaten and scattered by club-wielding NARAL thugs?
Like

Maybe those with a problem with cultural halloween costumes could go out next year dressed like an ass and fuck themselves?

Sincerely: Us normal people﻿

I sexually identify as an email, i support trump because i dont think that hillary could ensure my safety.﻿

Neue Deutsche Welle - Waffen SS Choir. It's a remix of Grün Ist Unser Fallschirm﻿

Don't vote for Turmp.  I don't fucking care.  But stop pretending that what's going on with Hillary isn't serious.  "All she did was use the wrong email xD"
And compromise classified information, and reveal our nuclear response time on national television, and sell off our Uranium assets to the Russians she openly wants to engage in war with, and advocate a no fly zone in Syria, and steal money from a Haiti charity, and get paid 12 million dollars for a meeting with a Islamic dictator, and accept millions of donation money from countries who she knew were funding ISIS, and arm rebels which defected to ISIS, and vote to go into the Iraq war which destabilized the nation creating a power vacuum for terrorists, and kill Gaddafi resulting in the same thing, and laugh about it, and attack her husbands rape victims, and get a pedophile she knew was guilty acquitted, and call half of American's deplorable, Bernie supporters basement dwellers, insult Catholics, refer to black Americans as super predators, Hispanics as needy, betrayed the homosexual community, and the lied about literally all of this as if it's not all documented fact.﻿

Minds && Twitter
lazjonsucks@yahoo.com
@FaustianBurgle
User: Laudanum

MOM BDAY=10.09.55

Psycho-Geography of their existence

most people don't understand the risks of silence.

there's never a situation that's so bad that there isnt something you can do to make it worse

and there's very seldomly a time when your not motoviated at some level of your being to put the knife in and twist just one more quarter turn.

generate more hell than heaven

or let cultural marxism & muslims take over and cuck us

A contrarian swims against the current. A radical tries to drown everyone in the pool.﻿

P.S  I'll concede that 'everything is indoctrunation' if you agree that the KKK and the National Socialist German Workers' Party - should get equal time trying to brainwash with our kids.

DynaRun(s, pn:="", pr:=""){ ; s=Script,pn=PipeName,n:=,pr=Parameters,p1+p2=hPipes,P=PID
   static AhkPath:="`"" A_AhkPath "`"" (A_IsCompiled||(A_IsDll&&DllCall(A_AhkPath "\ahkgetvar","Str","A_IsCompiled"))?" /E":"") " `""
   if (-1=p1 := DllCall("CreateNamedPipe","str",pf:="\\.\pipe\" (pn!=""?pn:"AHK" A_TickCount),"uint",2,"uint",0,"uint",255,"uint",0,"uint",0,"Ptr",0,"Ptr",0))
      || (-1=p2 := DllCall("CreateNamedPipe","str",pf,"uint",2,"uint",0,"uint",255,"uint",0,"uint",0,"Ptr",0,"Ptr",0))
      Return 0
   ; allow compiled executable to execute dynamic scripts. Requires AHK_H
   Run, % AhkPath pf "`" " pr,,UseErrorLevel HIDE, P
   If ErrorLevel
      return DllCall("CloseHandle","Ptr",p1),DllCall("CloseHandle","Ptr",p2),0
   DllCall("ConnectNamedPipe","Ptr",p1,"Ptr",0),DllCall("CloseHandle","Ptr",p1),DllCall("ConnectNamedPipe","Ptr",p2,"Ptr",0)
   if !DllCall("WriteFile","Ptr",p2,"Wstr",s:=(A_IsUnicode?chr(0xfeff):"﻿") s,"UInt",StrLen(s)*(A_IsUnicode?2:1)+(A_IsUnicode?4:6),"uint*",0,"Ptr",0)
      P:=0
   DllCall("CloseHandle","Ptr",p2)
   Return P
}

Melbourne Mayor: Car deaths 'most horrific act'

Reuters
Three dead, more than 15 injured after driver ploughs car into Australian pedestrians

cnn
At least 3 people have died after a car plowed into a crowd in a busy shopping area in Melbourne, Australia http://cnn.it/2jT4g3J

NYTIMES
AUSTRALIA

Driver in Melbourne, Fleeing Police After Stabbing, Kills 3 Pedestrians

Yes but yelling "Allahu Akbar" is something a stupid bogan meth-head would yell just to add some flavour to his bullshit. He actually started his "terror" by stabbing his brother, which is not your typical terrorist organised tactic. Nor is burnouts at Flinders Street Station! Think about it. He was lucky to get as far as he did. Terrorists don't begin their killing sprees with  burnouts in their shitboxes. Actual terrorists watching from afar are shaking their heads at this. "Not one of us, Noooo way".﻿

I am not what happened to me.  I am what I choose to become.

There's always an Asian better than you, & there's always a white person crazier than you.

This is an incredible break in the modern times from the liberal ideology of american exceptionalism & hegemony.  and towards a realist and cynism and pragmatism

Subsequently, racist, anti-Semitic, and anti-Muslim attacks fell sharply in 2016 with the former seeing a decline of 58.5 per cent and the latter a drop of 57.6 per cent. These attacks are defined as being fires, violence, degradation, and threats — comments, inscriptions, insulting letters.

Their logic:  If we anger the terrorists, they're going to be mad at us.  And if they get mad at us, then I need to get mad at the police and destroy airports.  Signed Snowflake﻿

Fuck 'Em List :

Mark Hetfield - Tucked

Robert Reich Berkely Professor - sweden trump responsible for riots

“If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informed. So watch YouTube & smoke weed”
― Mark Twain﻿

Donald Trump is such a terrifying fascist dictator that literally no one fears speaking out against him on literally any platform.

It's a shame you couldn't be a better ambassador for science on Tucker Carlson's show, I've been a fan since I was a kid and recently with star talk radio.
Surely it'd be more effective to empirically explain your point of view than emotional pandering by asking if you care about your kids.
There's no shortcut to knowledge or understanding. If you need emotional ploys or insults to get your point across maybe you need a better point.

If animals don't want to be eaten then why are they made out of food﻿

Comparison is always a fallacy. We cant compare two complex movements of very different people from very different origins, with a very different problem to Nazis just because they said a similar thing. 1984 did alot of this work and I HATE having to reference Orwell but simplification is how control works- if you speak in simple terms you mold simple minds. its a technique for propagating ideas, the Skeptic should always break those simple things down to show how complex and weird the reality of it is.

most people can see the inherent uselessness of just calling people nazis is as a tactic for defeating your political opposites. but reducing an argument to those stances is equally erroneous.

for instance Nazis believed in fitness and health and its how they justified their nationalism,  they basically thought in terms of cultural darwinism they just flipped the logic. to them any country or people could be the best, but they had to stand on their own; its why they tolerated the Japanese and italians who were of course NOT arians. they had bought into that mindset, to a Nazi; your superiority just depends on how clean you are of all imperfections. This was applied to physical health, mental health, and religious health.

They basically took "Cleanliness is next to godliness" literally. Famously hitler was against smoking and indeed nazis linked it to cancer pretty quickly. so if you think Smoking is disgusting you think like hitler, see how this simple minded comparison logic doesnt work? Nazism was a bunch of concepts at a certain strength coming together to form the ideological movement we saw in history. it was also WEAK. as if irony had a literal hand.

The disgusting acts of nazism were too terrible for a retry, and boy did they retry. the public refused.
the ideology itself was weak which is why only a handfull of european nations took to it. none of them kept it for more than 20 years. it was a weak, prone to war, Morally disgusting belief system. it relied on using its people, rewarding near obsession and punishing failure. it was state run authoritarian closer to a king than a modern nation of people. It took shape after a brutal war- an unfair treaty, a disenfranchised people and a puppet government that was too weak to remain. it was soo particular it will literally never happen again.

That doesnt mean terror by the state wont ever happen again; but if you look into history- any one movement usually only has one shot. its rare to see a second try, even rarer that your ideals dont reference those failures. I dont think jontron is a nazi, I do think hes a nationalist just not some white supremacist. Remember patriot is just the kind way of saying Nationalist, its the same thing; and I think hes an american. And like all americans he thinks about the refugee crisis with some hesitation.

Islam is a dangerous belief system, and it can hold terror. While I dont think we should bar out Refugees completely(I believe in accessible borders(not open ones,accessible) ) I understand the rightists fear here, and while I disagree- I think its perfectly fair for a country to say no. to close access to their country if they feel threatened. jontron seems in support of this. While its not the best solution morally I can see reason in thinking that. and I dont think its entirely race motivated(the islam debate always gets bogged down by race vs religion and how far before one becomes the other)

Im also with you on jon basically getting into it for the first time. when I first started debating and thinking about these big philosophical ideas, I was also a mishmash of random sorta leftist ideals thrown on the wall. It seems like he hasnt got his chops yet and it will be interesting to see if he can get this all organized and sorted. Alot of anti-racists dont even realize theyre being racists merely by accepting race as a qualifier of culture. race is always an accident of genetics, it has no baring on a persons mind at all nor what they believe or get into. Plenty of SJWs think in terms of race and I dont think that aligns them with the KKK anymore than I think jons beliefs align with nazism. Racism is far more common and acceptable because people only think youre being racist if play with the concept of race superiority or isolationism. Again simplified so simpletons will use these ideas as weapons rather than have good arguments- Id love to talk to jontron myself. to set records straight for sure but also to make sense of his ideology and tell him how to be clear and not reaction based. if he starts thinking of politics and debate as a science he may start making more sense to people.﻿
not only can we not trust we can trust him to lie always,  when it serves his purpose, even when it doesnt serve his purpose
various crimes and misdeameanors against basic human sanity
Podcasts #49, #51, #54, #58, #65 and #69 all about Trump.
Sam, if you're going to talk about news, politics, or current events you might do everyone a courtesy and bother actually being literate in those fields.

"On the question of the Trump campaign conspiring with the Russians here, there is smoke, but there is no fire, at all," Morell said at an event sponsored by the Cipher Brief, an intelligence web site.
"There's no little campfire, there's no little candle, there's no spark. And there's a lot of people looking for it."
Morell pointed out that former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said on Meet the Press on March 5 that he had seen no evidence of a conspiracy when he left office January 20.

This is directly from an article on NBC which was posted March 16th. Feel free to continue talking about Trump and Russia, but just understand that authorities with access to any empirical knowledge of what's happening are saying the exact opposite of what you are. I could go back and point out every inconsistency in the Trump/Russia narrative since August of last year, but it makes for a lot of dry reading.

Also, for anybody who still believes the Russian hacking story, you might want to do a bit of reading about the recent indictment on Crowdstrike's reliability. You then might also want to consider why the source would actually matter since the content of the DNC and Podesta email leaks are indisputably real. Then if you wanted to go a bit further you might wonder, if one were so preoccupied with exposing political corruption and lies, why is there such a complete lack of real effort to police the DNC to the same standard?﻿

how could russian memes and slogans dominate the narrative

came from sputnik



say these memes come at me

sam harris thinks hes in it for the money


devoid of an ethical connection to other human beings

his level of dishonesty is the primary signature of that

classic raw intellegence

civil society democratic bone in his body

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HpVU6w_7fBk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6oQ2JcMA40
